feat(curriculum/python): add vector space project to python curriculum (#54140)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-special-methods-by-building-a-vector-space/65f055b9190fc41ca35549b8.md

---
id: 65f055b9190fc41ca35549b8
title: Step 3
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> Python provides a variety of methods having both a leading and a trailing double underscore in their name. You have already met some, such as `__init__` and `__str__`. These methods having the name in the form of `__<name>__` are known as special methods.

Reviewer: The first sentence can be reworded like this:

```suggestion
Python offers various methods that include both a leading and trailing double underscore in their names. You may already be familiar with some, such as `__init__` and `__str__`. These methods, which follow the `__<name>__` naming pattern, are referred to as special methods.
```

> They are called under the hood in specific situation (e.g. `__init__` during instantiation, `__str__` when the object is printed), affecting the behaviour of the class which defines them. Going on with this project, you are going to learn some of the most commonly used special methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are called under the hood in specific situations (e.g. `__init__` during instantiation, `__str__` when the object is printed), affecting the behaviour of the class which defines them. Going on with this project, you are going to learn some of the most commonly used special methods.
```

> They are called under the hood in specific situations (e.g. `__init__` during instantiation, `__str__` when the object is printed), affecting the behaviour of the class which defines them. Going on with this project, you are going to learn some of the most commonly used special methods.

Author: It might be convoluted, but I'm not saying that calling them affects the class behaviour
>affecting the behaviour of the class which defines them

I'll think about how to reword it.

> They are called under the hood in specific situations (e.g. `__init__` during instantiation, `__str__` when the object is printed), affecting the behaviour of the class which defines them. Going on with this project, you are going to learn some of the most commonly used special methods.

Reviewer: For the second paragraph, I came up with this:

```suggestion
They are called under the hood in specific situations (e.g. `__init__` during instantiation, `__str__` when the object is printed), driving specific outcomes. Going on with this project, you are going to learn some of the most commonly used special methods.
```

> For now, delete `pass` and assign `x` to the `x` attribute of the `Vector` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now, assign `x` to the `x` attribute of the `Vector` object.
```

# --hints--

> You should delete `pass` and assign `x` to `self.x`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should assign `x` to `self.x`.
```
